[ILX-50576] Add GET documentation to the User Management API section. (#39)
IntelexTechnologies/api-docs: source/includes/user-mgmt/post-patch-api.md

  <tr>
    <td>RevokeUserAccess</td>
    <td>
      <li>Existing users only.</li>
      <li>Revokes access for the specified user.</li>

>       <li>Revokes API access for the specified user (if applicable)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Revokes API access for the specified user (if applicable).</li>
```

    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ArchiveIfTasksAssigned</td>
    <td>
      <li>Existing users only.</li>
      <li>Only respected if <code>Flag</code> = <code>I</code> in <a href="#employee-fields">Employee Fields</a>.</li>

>       <li>Allows Employees who have tasks assigned to them to be archived</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Allows Employees who have tasks assigned to them to be archived.</li>
```

>       <li>If ArchiveIfTasksAssigned is not set and the specified employee has tasks assigned, you will receive and error and all associated users to that Employee with be locked</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>If <code>ArchiveIfTasksAssigned</code> is not set and the specified employee has tasks assigned, the request will fail with an error and the associated user will be locked.</li>
```

        <li><code>I</code> = Inactive (archived) employee</li>
      </ul>
      <li>Archiving an an employee will also remove the associated user's access, if available.</li>

>       <li>Only existing employees can be archived. You cannot create a new "Inactive" employee</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Only existing employees can be archived. You cannot create a new "Inactive" employee.</li>
```
